# Reporting flashcards

## How can I report a flashcard?
Every flashcard on the Cardz platform has an icon similar to **☢** that you can click on. This will take you into the reporting flow. For more information, see the [User Guide](https://app.cardz.srg.id.au/guide).

## Why would I report a flashcard?
Since our flashcards are generated by machine learning, some content may appear that shouldn't be publicly shown or is not appropriate for the situation, such as explicit language. We run cards through a content filter, but due to the volatile nature of ML models, we cannot completely control the output.

If you see a card that shouldn't be on display, you can report it. You don't have to enter any additional information, only agree that you are making the report in good faith and that you understand fraudulent reports can lead to account suspension.

**Important: reporting is not a "super-downvote".** Please only report content that is inappropriate for the platform, not content that is not appropriate for you.

## What does reporting a flashcard do?
When a flashcard is reported, our systems use a variety of measurements to decide what to do next.

Firstly, if you report a flashcard which you own, it is instantly disabled across the Cardz platform and will no longer show up in your card gallery or the Pro Gallery. We will also provision you with one more flashcard in your usage allowance to make up for the missing one.

If you report a flashcard which you do not own, we will put it through additional processes in order to determine whether it should be disabled. 
- We will run the cards through both an crude content filter (filtering inappropriate language) as well as an AI-powered content filter (filtering sensitive language and topics)
- We will flag the card so that it can be manually reviewed by the Cardz team.
- We will subject it to internal grading tests to determine whether it is useful as a flashcard.

After these tests, if the card does not match certain criteria, it will be disabled and will no longer show up in the Pro Gallery. Since you do not own this flashcard, we will not provision you with an additional flashcard in your usage limit.
